Okay.
So super quick lesson here.
The next thing I want to replace is my former filter jobs getter.
But the good news is, is we already have a composable function that gives us our filter jobs.
So as a reminder, if I open up my composable gas file in my source store directory, we already wrote
a helper composable function called Use Filter Jobs, which talks to the View Store and gets the filter
jobs getter.
We previously use this on our sub nav where we are showing the count of filter jobs.
So we already extracted this logic to a reusable function.
And let's go ahead and use it in our job listings component.
So right here, what I'm going to do is import.
Use filter jobs and that is going to come from my source directory store composable.
All right.
And in my setup method where we're going to store all this logic, I'm simply going to say cons two
filter jobs is going to be the return value of use filter jobs, which is going to be a reactive object
storing the those jobs from the getter as the getter updates, which is going to happen when the view
store updates so well this logic right here.
All right.
Now obviously we're using this filter jobs getter in several places.
We're using it, for example, right here to get its length.
We're using it right here to slice.
So we're not quite done with it just yet.
But this is a good place to start and it allows us to clear this line right here.
We no longer need it because we've replaced it with its own functionality.
The next thing we're going to need to do is to wire up our former computed properties that depend on
this array of jobs.
But we're going to do that in the very next lesson.
So I'll see you there.